Rename @fluid-experimental/tree-react-api to @fluidframework/react (#25548)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/fifty-foxes-repair.md

---
"@fluid-experimental/tree-react-api": minor
"@fluidframework/react": minor
"__section": breaking
---
The exports of @fluid-experimental/tree-react-api have been moved to the new @fluidframework/react and placed under its /alpha exports

`@fluid-experimental/tree-react-api` has been adjusted to align with Fluid Framework's [API Support Levels](https://fluidframework.com/docs/build/releases-and-apitags/#api-support-levels).

> It ias been renamed to `@fluidframework/react` and all previously existing APIs are under `@fluidframework/react/alpha`.

Author: ```suggestion
It has been renamed to `@fluidframework/react` and all previously existing APIs are under `@fluidframework/react/alpha`.
```

> It has been renamed to `@fluidframework/react` and all previously existing APIs are under `@fluidframework/react/alpha`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has been renamed to `@fluidframework/react` and all existing APIs are now available under `@fluidframework/react/alpha`.
```
